_projects/2015-03-08-Wisps.md, before:

---
layout: project
title: Wisp
class: wisp
thumbnail: http://fiveid.co.uk/portfolio/portfolio_images/2015/p_tn_wisp.png
header: http://fiveid.co.uk/portfolio/portfolio_images/2015/p_head_wisp.png
---

# Wisp

## Phantoms from another world!

### Haec para/doca illi, nos admirabilia dicamus.

Si quicquam extra virtutem habeatur in bonis. Pugnant Stoici cum Peripateticis. Quae sequuntur igitur? Restatis igitur vos.

* Quam multa vitiosa! summum enim bonum et malum vagiens puer utra voluptate diiudicabit, stante an movente?
* Tuo vero id quidem, inquam, arbitratu.
* Nam et a te perfici istam disputationem volo, nec tua mihi oratio longa videri potest.
* Aliter enim explicari, quod quaeritur, non potest.

### Quid, si etiam iucunda memoria est praeteritorum malorum?

Honesta oratio, Socratica, Platonis etiam. ALIO MODO.

<code>At hoc in eo M.</code> Quis negat? Tollenda est atque extrahenda radicitus. A mene tu? Tria genera bonorum.

## Beatus sibi videtur esse moriens.

Eam stabilem appellas. Cave putes quicquam esse verius. Restatis igitur vos; Iam contemni non poteris. Frater et T. Id mihi magnum videtur.

##### Multa sunt dicta ab antiquis de contemnendis ac despiciendis rebus humanis.

Quae cum dixisset, finem ille. A mene tu? Memini vero, inquam. *An hoc usque quaque, aliter in vita?* Dat enim intervalla et relaxat. Dici enim nihil potest verius.

> Dicuntur ista, Cato, magnifice, inquam, sed videsne verborum gloriam tibi cum Pyrrhone et cum Aristone, qui omnia exaequant, esse communem?

Lorem ipsum solor det.

Commit message:

Add new portfolio content
Add portfolio content and revise project page layout

_projects/2015-03-08-Wisps.md, after:

---
layout: project
title: Wisp
class: wisp
thumbnail: http://fiveid.co.uk/portfolio/portfolio_images/2015/p_tn_wisp.png
header: http://fiveid.co.uk/portfolio/portfolio_images/2015/p_head_wisp.png
---

# Wisp

## Phantoms from another world!

<br/>
This project (started in 2013) was an exercise in database management and delivering specific results based on geolocation. It uses a HTML5 web interface with a PHP backend.

## The Concept
All around us, invisible to our human eyes, are otherworldly creatures called **Wisps**. With the right equipment it may even be possible to detect and even capture these fantastical monsters…

The idea is that a user would enter their current location and be shown a list of “Wisps” native to that environment. Each Wisp would have a set of RPG-style characteristics based on whatever “species” they belong to.  

The user can “catch” one of the discovered Wisps and add it to their collection.

I worked on developing specific areas of this concept, drawing from a basic database of randomly generated monster classes. The more significant, functional parts of the project are listed below.

### Wisp Hunter

The monster finder takes a pair of coordinates (or uses your current location) to identify “biomes” pertinent to your real life region.  It then delivers a list of Wisps that belong to this region.

![Wisp Hunter Screenshot](http://fiveid.co.uk/portfolio/portfolio_images/2016/wisp_screenshot_01.jpg)

[Link](http://fiveid.co.uk/projects/monsters/)

### Bestiary

A database management interface that allows me to update the characteristics of Wisp species. Changed fields are highlighted after submission.

![Wisp Bestiary Screenshot](http://fiveid.co.uk/portfolio/portfolio_images/2016/wisp_screenshot_02.jpg)

[Link](http://fiveid.co.uk/projects/monsters/bestiary)

### Other Sections
* [Battle Screen](http://fiveid.co.uk/projects/monsters/battle)
* [Biome Coordinates Finder](http://fiveid.co.uk/projects/monsters/loci)

### Related Projects
The requirement to create Wisp biomes that mirrored the real world led to the creation of the Gridmaker javascript plugin. Read more about it [here](https://github.com/fiveid/gmaps-gridlines).
